fix: add tokens to smart bar (#11566)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-07-29-add-design-tokens-to-the-smart-bar.md

---
title: Add Design Tokens to the Smart Bar
author: Nils Haberkamp
author_email: n.haberkamp@shopware.com
author_github: @Haberkamp
---
# Administration

> * Added dark mode support to the Smart Bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Meteor color tokens to search bar and smart bar
```
